now it came to pass in the fourth year
now it came to pass in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of
of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of
of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah that this word came to Jeremiah
Judah that this word came to Jeremiah
Judah that this word came to Jeremiah from the Lord take a scroll of a book
from the Lord take a scroll of a book
from the Lord take a scroll of a book and write on it all the words that I
and write on it all the words that I
and write on it all the words that I have spoken to you against Israel
have spoken to you against Israel
have spoken to you against Israel against Judah and against all the
against Judah and against all the
against Judah and against all the nations from the day I spoke to you from
nations from the day I spoke to you from
nations from the day I spoke to you from the days of Josiah even to this day it
the days of Josiah even to this day it
the days of Josiah even to this day it may be of the house of Judah we'll hear
may be of the house of Judah we'll hear
may be of the house of Judah we'll hear all the adversities which I've purposed
all the adversities which I've purposed
all the adversities which I've purposed to bring upon them that everyone may
to bring upon them that everyone may
to bring upon them that everyone may turn from his evil way that I may
turn from his evil way that I may
turn from his evil way that I may forgive their iniquity and their sin
forgive their iniquity and their sin
forgive their iniquity and their sin then Jeremiah called Baruch the son of
then Jeremiah called Baruch the son of
then Jeremiah called Baruch the son of Neriah and Eric wrote on a scroll of a
Neriah and Eric wrote on a scroll of a
Neriah and Eric wrote on a scroll of a book at the instruction of Jeremiah all
book at the instruction of Jeremiah all
book at the instruction of Jeremiah all the words of the Lord which he had
the words of the Lord which he had
the words of the Lord which he had spoken to him and Jeremiah commanded
spoken to him and Jeremiah commanded
spoken to him and Jeremiah commanded Baruch I am confined I cannot go into
Baruch I am confined I cannot go into
Baruch I am confined I cannot go into the house of the Lord you go therefore
the house of the Lord you go therefore
the house of the Lord you go therefore and read from the scroll which you have
and read from the scroll which you have
and read from the scroll which you have written that my instruction the words of
written that my instruction the words of
written that my instruction the words of the Lord in the hearing of the people in
the Lord in the hearing of the people in
the Lord in the hearing of the people in the Lord's house on the day of fasting
the Lord's house on the day of fasting
the Lord's house on the day of fasting and you shall also read them in the
and you shall also read them in the
and you shall also read them in the hearing of all Judah who come from their
hearing of all Judah who come from their
hearing of all Judah who come from their cities it may be that they will present
cities it may be that they will present
cities it may be that they will present their supplication before the Lord and
their supplication before the Lord and
their supplication before the Lord and everyone will turn from his evil way for
everyone will turn from his evil way for
everyone will turn from his evil way for great is the anger and the fury that the
great is the anger and the fury that the
great is the anger and the fury that the Lord has pronounced against this people
and Babe Ruth the son of Neriah did
and Babe Ruth the son of Neriah did according to all the Jeremiah the
according to all the Jeremiah the
according to all the Jeremiah the Prophet commanded him reading from the
Prophet commanded him reading from the
Prophet commanded him reading from the book the words of the Lord in the Lord's
book the words of the Lord in the Lord's
book the words of the Lord in the Lord's house now it came to pass in the fifth
house now it came to pass in the fifth
house now it came to pass in the fifth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king
year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king
year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah in the ninth month that they
of Judah in the ninth month that they
of Judah in the ninth month that they proclaimed a fast before the Lord to all
proclaimed a fast before the Lord to all
proclaimed a fast before the Lord to all the people in Jerusalem and to all the
the people in Jerusalem and to all the
the people in Jerusalem and to all the people who came from the cities of Judah
people who came from the cities of Judah
people who came from the cities of Judah to Jerusalem then Baruch read from the
to Jerusalem then Baruch read from the
to Jerusalem then Baruch read from the book the words of Jeremiah in the house
book the words of Jeremiah in the house
book the words of Jeremiah in the house of the Lord in the chamber of Gemara the
of the Lord in the chamber of Gemara the
of the Lord in the chamber of Gemara the son of Schaeffer the
son of Schaeffer the
son of Schaeffer the in the upper court at the entry of the
in the upper court at the entry of the
in the upper court at the entry of the new gate of the Lord's house in the
new gate of the Lord's house in the
new gate of the Lord's house in the hearing of all the people when I care
hearing of all the people when I care
hearing of all the people when I care the son of gay Mariah the son of shaphan
the son of gay Mariah the son of shaphan
the son of gay Mariah the son of shaphan heard all the words of the Lord from the
heard all the words of the Lord from the
heard all the words of the Lord from the book he then went down to the King's
book he then went down to the King's
book he then went down to the King's house into the scribes chamber and there
house into the scribes chamber and there
house into the scribes chamber and there all the princes were sitting
all the princes were sitting
all the princes were sitting Alysha man the scribe delay the son of
Alysha man the scribe delay the son of
Alysha man the scribe delay the son of shamea l Nathan the son of equi gay
shamea l Nathan the son of equi gay
shamea l Nathan the son of equi gay Mariah the son of shaphan Zedekiah the
Mariah the son of shaphan Zedekiah the
Mariah the son of shaphan Zedekiah the son of Hananiah and all the princes then
son of Hananiah and all the princes then
son of Hananiah and all the princes then my care declared to them all the words
my care declared to them all the words
my care declared to them all the words that he had heard when Baruch read the
that he had heard when Baruch read the
that he had heard when Baruch read the book in the hearing of the people
book in the hearing of the people
book in the hearing of the people therefore all the princes sent judah the
therefore all the princes sent judah the
therefore all the princes sent judah the son of Nathaniel the son of Chell Amaya
son of Nathaniel the son of Chell Amaya
son of Nathaniel the son of Chell Amaya the son of Q shy to Behram take in your
the son of Q shy to Behram take in your
the son of Q shy to Behram take in your hand the scroll from which you have read
hand the scroll from which you have read
hand the scroll from which you have read in the hearing of the people and come so
in the hearing of the people and come so
in the hearing of the people and come so Babel the son of Neriah took the scroll
Babel the son of Neriah took the scroll
Babel the son of Neriah took the scroll in his hand and came to them and they
in his hand and came to them and they
in his hand and came to them and they said to him sit down now and read it in
said to him sit down now and read it in
said to him sit down now and read it in our hearing so Bayreuth vetted in their
our hearing so Bayreuth vetted in their
our hearing so Bayreuth vetted in their hear how it happened when they had heard
hear how it happened when they had heard
hear how it happened when they had heard all the words that they looked in fear
all the words that they looked in fear
all the words that they looked in fear from one to another and said to Beirut
from one to another and said to Beirut
from one to another and said to Beirut we will surely tell the king of all
we will surely tell the king of all
we will surely tell the king of all these words tell us now how did you
these words tell us now how did you
these words tell us now how did you write all these words at his instruction
write all these words at his instruction
write all these words at his instruction so Baybrook answered them he proclaimed
so Baybrook answered them he proclaimed
so Baybrook answered them he proclaimed with his mouth all these words to me and
with his mouth all these words to me and
with his mouth all these words to me and I wrote them with ink in the book then
I wrote them with ink in the book then
I wrote them with ink in the book then the princess said to Baruch go and hide
the princess said to Baruch go and hide
the princess said to Baruch go and hide you and Jeremiah and let no one know
you and Jeremiah and let no one know
you and Jeremiah and let no one know where you are and they went to the King
where you are and they went to the King
where you are and they went to the King into the court but they stored the
into the court but they stored the
into the court but they stored the scroll in the chamber of Alishan
scroll in the chamber of Alishan
scroll in the chamber of Alishan described and told all the words in the
described and told all the words in the
described and told all the words in the hearing of the King so the king sent Qi
hearing of the King so the king sent Qi
hearing of the King so the king sent Qi Shuai to bring the scroll
Shuai to bring the scroll
Shuai to bring the scroll and he took it from Alishan the scribes
and he took it from Alishan the scribes
and he took it from Alishan the scribes chamber and he hewed I read it in the
chamber and he hewed I read it in the
chamber and he hewed I read it in the hearing of the team and in the hearing
hearing of the team and in the hearing
hearing of the team and in the hearing of all the princes who stood beside the
of all the princes who stood beside the
of all the princes who stood beside the king now the king was sitting in the
king now the king was sitting in the
king now the king was sitting in the winter house in the ninth month with a
winter house in the ninth month with a
winter house in the ninth month with a fire burning on the half before him and
fire burning on the half before him and
fire burning on the half before him and it happened when jeehyun I had read
it happened when jeehyun I had read
it happened when jeehyun I had read three or four columns that the King cut
three or four columns that the King cut
three or four columns that the King cut it with the scribes knife and cast it
it with the scribes knife and cast it
it with the scribes knife and cast it into the fire that was on the ha until
into the fire that was on the ha until
into the fire that was on the ha until all the scroll was consumed in the fire
all the scroll was consumed in the fire
all the scroll was consumed in the fire that was on the heart yet they were not
that was on the heart yet they were not
that was on the heart yet they were not afraid nor did they tear their garments
afraid nor did they tear their garments
afraid nor did they tear their garments the king nor any of his servants who
the king nor any of his servants who
the king nor any of his servants who heard all these words nevertheless l
heard all these words nevertheless l
heard all these words nevertheless l Nathan delay and gemara implored the
Nathan delay and gemara implored the
Nathan delay and gemara implored the King not to burn the scroll but he would
King not to burn the scroll but he would
King not to burn the scroll but he would not listen to them and the king
not listen to them and the king
not listen to them and the king commanded Jeremy ell the king's son
commanded Jeremy ell the king's son
commanded Jeremy ell the king's son Sariah
Sariah
Sariah the son of Israel and shall amira the
the son of Israel and shall amira the
the son of Israel and shall amira the son of AB DL to cease Baruch the scribe
son of AB DL to cease Baruch the scribe
son of AB DL to cease Baruch the scribe and Jeremiah the Prophet but the Lord
and Jeremiah the Prophet but the Lord
and Jeremiah the Prophet but the Lord hid them now after the King had burned
hid them now after the King had burned
hid them now after the King had burned the scroll with the words which Baruch
the scroll with the words which Baruch
the scroll with the words which Baruch had written at the instruction of
had written at the instruction of
had written at the instruction of Jeremiah the word of the Lord came to
Jeremiah the word of the Lord came to
Jeremiah the word of the Lord came to Jeremiah take yet another scroll and
Jeremiah take yet another scroll and
Jeremiah take yet another scroll and write on it all the former words that
write on it all the former words that
write on it all the former words that were in the first scroll which Jehoiakim
were in the first scroll which Jehoiakim
were in the first scroll which Jehoiakim the King of Judah has burned and you
the King of Judah has burned and you
the King of Judah has burned and you shall say to Jehoiakim king of Judah
shall say to Jehoiakim king of Judah
shall say to Jehoiakim king of Judah thus says the Lord you have burned this
thus says the Lord you have burned this
thus says the Lord you have burned this scroll saying why have you written in it
scroll saying why have you written in it
scroll saying why have you written in it that the king of Babylon will certainly
that the king of Babylon will certainly
that the king of Babylon will certainly come and destroy this land and cause man
come and destroy this land and cause man
come and destroy this land and cause man and beast to cease from here therefore
and beast to cease from here therefore
and beast to cease from here therefore thus says the Lord concerning Jehoiakim
thus says the Lord concerning Jehoiakim
thus says the Lord concerning Jehoiakim king of Judah he shall have no one to
king of Judah he shall have no one to
king of Judah he shall have no one to sit on the throne of David and his dead
sit on the throne of David and his dead
sit on the throne of David and his dead body shall be cast out to the heat of
body shall be cast out to the heat of
body shall be cast out to the heat of the day and the frost of the night I
the day and the frost of the night I
the day and the frost of the night I will punish him his family
will punish him his family
will punish him his family his servants for their iniquity and I
his servants for their iniquity and I
his servants for their iniquity and I will bring on them on the inhabitants of
will bring on them on the inhabitants of
will bring on them on the inhabitants of Jerusalem and on the men of Judah all
Jerusalem and on the men of Judah all
Jerusalem and on the men of Judah all the doom that I have pronounced against
the doom that I have pronounced against
the doom that I have pronounced against them but they did not heed then Jeremiah
them but they did not heed then Jeremiah
them but they did not heed then Jeremiah took another scroll and gave it to
took another scroll and gave it to
took another scroll and gave it to Baybrook the scribe the son of Neriah
Baybrook the scribe the son of Neriah
Baybrook the scribe the son of Neriah who wrote on it at the instruction of
who wrote on it at the instruction of
who wrote on it at the instruction of Jeremiah all the words of the book which
Jeremiah all the words of the book which
Jeremiah all the words of the book which Jehoiakim king of Judah had burned in
Jehoiakim king of Judah had burned in
Jehoiakim king of Judah had burned in the fire and besides they were added to
the fire and besides they were added to
the fire and besides they were added to them many similar words
them many similar words
them many similar words [Music]